_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>University of Toronto | Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image:
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
projects_horizontal: true
---

I'm a Robotics Engineer in training, passionate about robot hardware and software design. I've worked on a wide range of robots and embedded systems projects, ranging from Atomic Clocks sent to the Stratosphere,Autonomous Factory Robots, [Robots in High Precision Physics](MAGGIE.md), [Continuum Robots](/projects/Continuum_Robot_Joining.md), Rover Platforms and now Quadruped robots.

Outside of robotics, I tinker around the house, flying my drones and am passionate about design and understanding the inner workings of the things I use regularly.

Commit message:

Filled out the about page and fixed links
Signed-off-by: Ryan Zazo <ryan.zazo@hotmail.com>

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>University of Toronto | Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image:
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
projects_horizontal: true
---

I'm a Robotics Engineer in training, passionate about robot hardware and software design. I've worked on a wide range of robots and embedded systems projects, ranging from Atomic Clocks sent to the Stratosphere,Autonomous Factory Robots, [Robots in High Precision Physics](/projects/MAGGIE.md), [Continuum Robots](/projects/Continuum_Robot_Joining.md), Rover Platforms and now Quadruped robots.

In my free time, I tend to work on smaller side projects that envolve both designing hardware and software. Examples include designing a fully 3D printable scaled down race car suspension (based on the Mercedes AMG One), simplified Simulators from scratch ([Robotics](/projects/2D_Robot_Simulator.md) and Physics Based ones).

Outside of robotics, I tinker around the house, flying my drones and am passionate about design and understanding the inner workings of the things I use regularly.

See the [Projects](/projects/) page for information about some of my past and current projects!
